Night 1:

Hello... Hello hello..? Uh... You must be the new guy. Nice to meet ya. I'm new here too. Tho I have the day turn. Sucks to be you I guess... So, they told me you don't know the basics. Worry no more, I gotcha. First of all, see the that tablet in the desk? I use it to watch some netflix, but you can also watch the cams from there. Not much to see though. The quality is crap and there is a lot of interference. The wifi password is written in its back. It isn't good, but there is barely any phone signal in here. Now, look at both of your sides. There are doors. 3 inches of solid steel at the push of a button. They apply constant pressure, so in case anyone enters, they have more chances getting to you through a hole in the wall. They told me it sometimes could get stuck, and in that case, turning its power suply off and back on should fix it. Luckily, I was not lucky enough to test it. Heard any weird noise down the hall? The flashlight on the back is rechargeable. Doesn't last for long, so don't make the trip too long. Or just use the doors... Man, night turn must be creepy. Oh... Also, if you ever get cold, the ventilation system comes with a heather installed, so just activate the closest to you through the cams. One last thing. Don't use too much at once, or the breaker will trip. Speaking from experience here. Just reactivate all in the breaker in the back. Ok, I think that's all. See ya.


Night 2:

Hello... Hello hello..? Uh... I just discovered your turn is only 6 hours. Mine's 9. Sucks to be me I guess. There's also a third guy. He goes from 4 to almost midnight, when the place's open. Still wondering why open only at supper. Hey, do you wanna know what else I found? The suits. They aren't suits. Spoke with some coworkers through the group chat, and they told me the dudes in 'em kept going to the hospital, so i supose they had to remplace 'em with some sort of robotic skeleton. I guess is not hard to fool children. They'd even fooled me... By the way, are you in the group chat? I will add you to the group chat. Just leave your phone number on the table. Anyway, I was in the stage, trying to turn the animatronics on, but I was having no luck. I managed to stop before breaking something. However, when I looked at freddy, I felt really uncanny. Dont get me wrong, all of the suits are uncanny, but this was really weird. It felt like he was looking away, like if he didnt liked being watched... Hey! Do you want another free advice? If you ever break the breaker, make sure to reactivate the ventilation. I started hallucinating. I saw those freaky things move, swear to god. Then I passed out. Lucky me, the owner had left some important paperwork inside. He was really obnoxious about it. But, you know, he saved my ass, so I can't really be annoyed... Well, that's all for now. See ya, and good night!

Night 3:

Hello... Hello? Are you even listening to any of these tapes? Every time I come back, they are ready to play, so is ether that or you like to rewind tapes after listening to them. And right now I am not in a good mood. The owner told me to clean up the place. Is he crazy? This place is big as hell. So as a sign that you are in fact hearing this, just leave the tape unrewinded, ok? Wait. Wait a second. Do you hear it? I think a rat managed to enter, and now it is crawling in the vents and making loud noises. It has been like this for a while. And I just turn on the heater to make that little freak exit the duct. Oh, don't worry, the rat is fine. At least fine enough to crawl inside back again. It just scares it off. Whatever. Hey! guess what I discovered? (Well, is not like you can guess...) I entered the backstage, and I found him. Foxy. Just laying under a bed sheet. He is fucked up... It turns out the original owner and creator of these suits sold the place to the current owner. Then, the boss created the freddy suit. They thought of it as a face lift, because there is this urban legend, that 4 kids dissapeared inside the pizzeria. The third guy, when he was texting me about it, he said it was real, but I don't believe a word. He's just trying to scare me. But there's more. The robotic skeleton of the suits were developed with the previous owner.. I asked the boss 'bout it, and they got really mad. Didn't wanna hear any of it. Guess they want to maintain the secret. oh fuck... I think i'm getting fired if they find this.

Night 4:

I'm really mad. And disappointed. You rewinded the tape again, even tho I told you not to... But hey! I'm not know for holding gurnges. So I've been thinking... The boss' acting has been a little strange. And you know how I am when it comes to misteries. The thing is that... I... may or may not have broken into their office. But what I found shocked me. There was an article on an old newspaper that said 4 children dissapeared, and they were never found. Presumed dead. I tried looking up any other information 'bout the case, but I found none. However, the article didn't seem fake. So I guess the legend was true... I also found a safe. Tried to open it, but it was locked with some kind of code... Funny thing, you had to introduce it like those old phones, making a lot of noise. I tried to open it, but no luck. I searched up the moddel, and it turs out it has a feature that changes the code every week, and sends you a message with the new one. I tried to connect it to my phone, emphasys on tried. But I saw that, apart from changing every thursday, there where two devices connected: Nkia3210 and end02ch.10.21. I was looking through some more stuff when I heard someone enter. That someone being the boss, of course. I ran out of there as fast as I could. I don't think they saw me. I will try to enter again tomorrow. I'll keep you informed.

Night 5:

So I just found out last night you had an accident... heh... I will leave you this for your return. I hope you recover in time for the festival next week... And now, because of your absence, I have to do the night shift... Man, it was scary after all. I think the ventilation is broken, 'cause I'm tripping right now. Those suits are now at the doors, banging. You can't hear them, but if they were real, my eardrums would burst. I even hear a loud screech coming from the vents. I am trying to reactivate the ventilation sistem, but it doesnt seem to work. I fear I'll pass out, and nobody can come now to rescue me... Oh man, I am in real trouble for this. I could even get fired from -Screamer- -5 seconds of statics-

Night 6:

-My penies hurt-
