Night 1:

Hello... Hello hello..? Uh... You must be the new guy. Nice to meetcha. I'm new here too. Tho I have the day turn. Sucks to be you IG... So: they told me you don't know the basics. Worry no more, I gotcha. First of all, see the that tablet in the desk? I use it to watch some netflix, but you can watch the cams from there. Not much to see tho. The cuality is crap and there is a lot of interference. The wifi pasword is written in the back. It isn't good, but there is barely any phone signal in here. Now, look at both of your sides. There's doors. 3 inches of solid steel in the push of a button. They aply constant preasure, so in case anyone enters, they have more chances getting to you through a hole in the wall. Heard any weird noise? The flashlight on the back is rechargeable. Doesn't last for long, so don't make the trip too long. Or just use the doors... Man, night turn must be creepy. Oh... Also, if you ever get cold, the ventilation sistem comes with a heather installed, so just activate the closest to you through the cams. One last thing. Dont use too much at once, or the breaker will trip. Speaking from experience here. Just reactivate all in the breaker in the back. Ok, I think that's all. See ya.


Night 2:

Hello... Hello hello..? Uh... I just discovered your turn is only 6 hours. Mine's 10. Sucks to be me IG. There's also a third guy. He goes from 4 to 12, when the place's open. Still wondering why open only at supper. Hey, do you wanna know what else I found? The suits. They aren't suits. The dudes in 'em kept going to the hospital, so they had to remplace 'em with some sort of robotic skelleton. I guess is not hard to fool children. They'd even fooled me... Hey! Do you want another free advice? If you ever break the breaker, make sure to reactivate the ventilation. I started halucinating. I saw those freaky things move, swear to god. Then I passed out. Lucky me, the owner had left some important paperwork inside. He was really obnoxious about it. But, you know, he saved my ass, so I can't really be anoyed... Well, thats all for now. See ya, and good night!

Night 3:

Hello... Hello? Are you even listening to any of these tapes? Every time I come back, they are ready to play, so is eather that or you like to rewind tapes after listening to them. So as a sign that you are in fact hearing this, just leave the tape unrewinded, ok? Now, with that out of the way, guess what I discovered? (Well, is not like you can guess...) I entered the backstage, and I found him. [Name of the wolf]. He is fucked up. It turns out the original owner and creator of these suits sold the place to the current owner. Then, the boss created the [Name of the owl] suit. They thought of it as a facelift. But there's more. The robotic skelleton of the suits was also the old owner's idea. I asked the boss 'bout it, and they got really mad. Didn't wanna hear any of it. Guess they want to maintain the secret. oh fuck... I think i'm getting fired if they find this.

Night 4:

I'm really mad. And disapointed. You rewinded the tape again, even tho I told you not to... But hey! I'm not know for holding gurnges. So I've been thinking... The boss' acting has been a little strange. And you know how I am when it comes to misteries. The thing is that... I... may or may not have broken into their office. But what I found shocked me. There was an article on an old newspaper that said the original owner of the pizzería kidnapped 4 children, and they were never found. Presumed dead. I tried looking up any other information 'bout the case, but I found none. However, the article didn't seem fake. I also found a safe. Tried to open it, but it was locked with some kind of code... Funny thing, you had to introduce it like those old phones, making a lot of noise. It was also covered in some artificial red hair... Weird huh? I was looking through some more stuff when I heard someone enter. That someone being the boss, of course. I ran out of there as fast as I could. I don't think they saw me. I will try to enter again tomorrow. I'll keep you informed.

Night 5:

So last night you had an accident... heh... I will leave you this for your return. I hope you recover in time for the festival next week... And now, because of your absence, I have to do the night shift... Man, it was scary after all. I think I deactivated the ventilation again, 'cause I'm tripping right now. Those suits are now at the doors, banging. You can't hear them, but if they were real, my eardrums would burst. I even hear a loud screech coming from the vents. I am trying to reactivate the ventilation sistem, but it doesnt seem to work. I fear I'll pass out, and nobody can come now to rescue me... Oh man, I am in real trouble for this. I could even get fired from -Screamer- -5 seconds of statics-

Night 6:

-My penies hurt-
